Improve bintest doc (#646)
etal/cnvkit: doc/pipeline.rst

  deletions (0 copies) (``ampdel``).
- Confidence interval overlapping zero (``ci``).
- Standard error of the mean (``sem``), a parametric estimate of confidence
  intervals which behaves *similarly*.

In each case, adjacent segments with the same value according to the given
criteria are merged together and the column values are recalculated
appropriately. Segments on different chromosomes or with different
allele-specific copy number values will not be merged, even if the total copy
number is the same.

.. _bintest:

> ``bintest``

Reviewer: First of all, regarding where to put this: since `bintest` is being called as part of the batch command, I think the best place is here, in `pipeline.rst`, even if it's quite extensive already.

By the way, speaking of the batch, could you also please add bintest to the list of commands above, in the “The pipeline executed by the batch command is equivalent to...” section?

Author: Adding `bintest` to this section, I also added missing steps for ".call.cns" generation and several points regarding [tricky post-processing part](https://github.com/etal/cnvkit/blob/25d91cdb962639c98d041c3b05c7de659c41dc70/cnvlib/batch.py#L195-L211):
- `segmentrics --ci` is run with alpha=0.5 (instead of default=0.05=5% as usually done in statistics). Do you have an idea why ?
- `segmetrics.do_segmetrics()` has no `skip_low=False` flag as argument
=> Possible `--drop-low-coverage` is only applied when running `cnvkit.py segmetrics` alone, [within `commands.py`](https://github.com/etal/cnvkit/blob/25d91cdb962639c98d041c3b05c7de659c41dc70/cnvlib/commands.py#L1324-L1325)
=> Maybe we should add this arg to `segmetrics.do_segmetrics()` and sync it with `batch --drop-low-coverage` for consistency ?
- As some "files" are only produced internally and not written, I simulated them adding a ".tmp" suffix

==> To sum up, I am not very confident about what I wrote here ! (commit afbd0f7ff1a4dc21cc8917f9cdc1f4154a758904)

Reviewer 2: Adding `--drop-low-coverage` to `segmetrics` is a good idea, and it should match `batch` and the other commands.

`segmetrics` uses a narrow confidence interval for the default filtering approach in `batch` because wide confidence intervals can lead to some pathological behavior -- the end effect is to merge adjacent segments with similar log2 values or a lot of noise in their probes. It's not the same as the p-value alpha. A default of 0.1 might be reasonable but I haven't benchmarked it, so 0.5 is the "safe" approach to only filter out very noisy segments in the final calling stage of the pipeline.

> -----------

Reviewer: Second, regarding the question you raised about the formats

> I think there is a confusion between:
>
> * Extension of the file produced through batch ".bintest.cns"
> * Output format produced by bintest, which is actually closer to a ".cnr" (regarding coordinates mostly)

I think this is a really good point, and the fact that the file is currently called `.bintest.cns` is probably a typo. Let's rename it to `.bintest.cnr` as part of this PR as well (as well as any occurrences of `.bintest.cns` in the code which you might find)

Author: Looking at this line from `batch.py`:
https://github.com/etal/cnvkit/blob/25d91cdb962639c98d041c3b05c7de659c41dc70/cnvlib/batch.py#L210
=> I am not sure if this is really a typo
=> Because conceptually, results produced are "called CNV" so closer to a ".cns" than to a ".cnr", where no CNV calling is made yet (even if this does not match actual file format)
=> Plus this is done late into calling pipeline, so it would probably be distrurbing for a user to have this second ".bintest.cnr" ?

Maybe a solution to improve consistency would be to **actually write a ".cns", but with a dummy "probes" column always at "1"**? (regarding [doc about ".cns"](https://cnvkit.readthedocs.io/en/stable/fileformats.html#segmented-log2-ratios-cns))

Reviewer 2: The default "probes=1" is a good idea.

The reason this is .cns rather than .cnr is that these are meant to represent copy number calls rather than input data. If `scatter` is extended to allow multiple .cns files as input, then these bin-level calls and the coarse-grained segmentation could be plotted together and would appear as bright colors (a colormap starting with darkorange) rather than as gray raw data points.

*New in version 0.9.7*

> ``bintest`` subcommand replaced additional script ``cnv_ztest.py``, aiming to **call focal bin-level CNV**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``bintest`` subcommand replaced additional script ``cnv_ztest.py``, aiming to call focal bin-level CNVs.
```

> Each bin in a .cnr file is tested individually for non-neutral copy number. Specifically, we calculate the probability of a bin's log2 value *versus* a normal distribution with a mean of 0 and standard deviation back-calculated from bin weight. Bin p-values are eventually corrected for multiple hypothesis testing by the Benjamini-Hochberg method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each bin in a .cnr file is tested individually for non-neutral copy number. Specifically, we calculate the probability of a bin's log2 value versus a normal distribution with a mean of 0 and standard deviation back-calculated from bin weight. Bin p-values are eventually corrected for multiple hypothesis testing by the Benjamini-Hochberg method.
```

> Output is another .cnr with aditional column "p_bintest" corresponding to p-value of test probabilities. Rows considered as **not significant**, *i.e.* having probability above the threshold (controlled by ``--alpha``/``-a`` parameter), are **dropped**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output is another .cnr with aditional column "p_bintest" corresponding to p-value of test probabilities. Rows considered as not significant, i.e. having probability above the threshold (controlled by ``--alpha``/``-a`` parameter), are dropped.
```

> This post-processing step were also included into 
> :ref:`batch` subcommand, where ``bintest`` is run with segment file and on target bins only (equivalent to ``-t, --target`` parameter of ``bintest`` subcommand), producing a 3rd ".cns" file with ".bintest.cns" suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This post-processing step were also included into :ref:`batch` subcommand, where ``bintest`` is run with segment file and on target bins only (equivalent to ``-t, --target`` parameter of ``bintest`` subcommand), producing a third ".cns" file with the suffix ".bintest.cns".
```

.. note::

>     If ``bintest`` is run with ``-s file.cns``, it will try to find additional bin-level alterations, condidering alterations present in "file.cns" as already known ones. Practically with ".cns" given, calculations are made comparing to the segment to which the bin belongs, and otherwise to the whole chromosome. 
> 
>     This can lead to (apparently) unexpected log2 values, especially on regions undergoing a CNV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If ``bintest`` is run with ``-s file.cns``, it will try to find additional bin-level alterations, considering alterations present in "file.cns" to be the baseline. In other words, when the .cns file is given, comparisons are made in relation to the segment to which the bin belongs, and otherwise to the whole chromosome. This can lead to (apparently) unexpected log2 values, especially on regions undergoing a CNV.
```
